# Client-Server-Dev

1. Writing code that is maintainable, readable, and adaptable can be quite the challenge. The best way overall to ensure the quality of your code is to properly segment code into blocks depending on use. A good example of this is that the CRUD Python Module (AACoutcomes.py) is split from the Widget Module(7-2 Project 2.ipynb). The way to make code readable is to write code in classes and methods. This ensures that everything is well organized. Since all methods are organized, then updating specified items in the code becomes simple. The CRUD Python Module especially is a vertile code which can be used in a plethora of activities later down the line. One example would be for updating mongo databases.
2. The strategy I use for solving problems is to first state the problem in my own words. Managing to understand an objective can be quite difficult at times. Next I start brainstorming solutions and implementing them. Overall, this method works well an a plan of action for getting projects done. My approach to Project 2 was not changed from my normal strategy, although not always is a strategy full proof. Sometimes proper solutions do not come to mind even after mulling over it for a bit.
3. Computer scientists assist consumers in developing software for them. Like Grazioso Salvare request for us to make a data table to organize their stored database. Other projects are opening up all the for computer scientists to work on. THe work from Project 2 specifically gives a give reference for creating and developing dashboard widgets for clients.

